Reorganising file structure to be easier to navigate sidebar (#78)
lukso-network/website-support-center: docs/general/community/community.md

---
sidebar_label: '👯‍♂️ Community'
sidebar_position: 7
description: Links on where to stay up to date with LUKSO
---

# Follow Us

If you'd like to stay up to date with all of the latest LUKSO news, then we recommend the following us in the places listed below.

## Twitter

We have two main accounts:

1. [LUKSO](https://twitter.com/lukso_io) - where we tweet about all things happening in LUKSO

> 2. [ERC725](https://twitter.com/ERC725Account) - where we tweet about mainly technology focussed topics

Reviewer: Would that suit more?

```suggestion
2. [ERC725](https://twitter.com/ERC725Account) - where we tweet about mainly developer oriented topics
```

## Discord

You can also contact us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/lukso).

We're very active so you can speak to our support teams, devs, designers....pretty much anyone.

> Most importantly, you'll find the community here. People building apps on LUKSO, people using LUKSO.

Reviewer: Suggest rewording of "people using LUKSO"

```suggestion
Most importantly, you'll find the community here. People building dapps on LUKSO, or LUKSO dApps users.
```
